Ocs to adh merge 8 5 22 (#100)
osisoft/Data-Hub-Docs: content/cross-region-data-sharing.md

### Temporary storage

In some instances where AVEVA Data Hub sends operational data stored in your namespace's region for processing or data augmentation cross-region, AVEVA Data Hub may temporarily persist data from your region across regions before it is processed. This temporary storage is used for performance optimization. In these instances, data from your region persists in the cross-region processing service storage and memory up to several hours.

## Opt out of cross-region data sharing

Optionally, you can opt out of sharing operational data from namespaces and communities across regions. If you opt out of cross-region data sharing, your operational data is not processed or stored outside of the namespace's assigned region.

![Cross-region data sharing disabled](./_images/cross-region-data-sharing-disabled.drawio.svg)

### To opt out of cross-region data sharing for namespace

When you disable cross-region data sharing, any queries for namespace data are routed to the appropriate region for complete results to be returned. Repeat these steps for each namespace that you want to disable cross-region data sharing.

> 1. From the **Namespace** drop-down, select a namespace for which you want to opt out of cross-region data sharing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the **Namespace** dropdown list, select a namespace for which you want to opt out of cross-region data sharing. 
```

> 1. From the **Namespace** drop-down, select the **Cog** ![Cog](./_icons/default/cog.svg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the **Namespace** dropdown list, select the **Cog** ![Cog](./_icons/default/cog.svg).
```
